# delphix-go-sdk

Please, do not use this to build anything. This is experimental and only published in support of other Delphix experiments.

This is a golang sdk prototype with the object model automatically generated from the delphix.json

The object model is automatically generated by Delphix Internal https://github.com/delphix/delphix-go-generator project

Currently only generates the model. APIs are on the TODO.

Some "level 1" functions and tests have been written (see finders and helpers)

This project will mature into a more swagger-like implementation in the near future.

There are no support, issues, or requests honored on this repository.

## Contribute

All contributors are required to sign the Delphix Contributor Agreement prior to contributing code to an open source
repository. This process is handled automatically by [cla-assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/). Simply open a pull
request and a bot will automatically check to see if you have signed the latest agreement. If not, you will be prompted
to do so as part of the pull request process.

Please note that this project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](https://delphix.github.io/code-of-conduct.html). By participating in this project you
agree to abide by its terms.

## Statement of Support

This software is provided as-is, without warranty of any kind or commercial support through Delphix. See the associated
license for additional details. Questions, issues, feature requests, and contributions should be directed to the
community as outlined in the [Delphix Community Guidelines](https://delphix.github.io/community-guidelines.html).

## License

This is code is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. Full license is available [here](./LICENSE).
